new XCX mods, New Donkey Kong mods (#647)
cemu-project/cemu_graphic_packs: src/XenobladeChroniclesX/Mods/CharacterSize/rules.txt

[Definition]
titleIds = 0005000010116100,00050000101C4C00,00050000101C4D00
name = Character Size and Invisible Chest
path = "Xenoblade Chronicles X/Mods/Character/Character Size"

> description = "You can change the height of any character and also make the chest of some characters not render.||Recomended to be combined with the 'No Fading When Close-up' mod (in Graphics).||***Activate by pressing START(+), then Party->Active Members->Confirm Changes."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description = "You can change the height of any character and also make the chest of some characters not render.||Recommended to be combined with the 'No Fading When Close-up' option (in Graphics).||***Activate by pressing START(+), then Party->Active Members->Confirm Changes."
```

Author: fixed the spelling mistake of recommended
I think mod is a better word than option because it is a mod? idk, maybe thats just me
option could maybe be confused for an ingame option or something

name = "Boze"
$characterID = 10
$memoffset = (($characterID-1)*0x57C)+0x110

[Preset]
category = "Character:"
name = "Phog"
$characterID = 11
$memoffset = (($characterID-1)*0x57C)+0x110

[Preset]
category = "Character:"
name = "Elma"
$characterID = 12
$memoffset = (($characterID-1)*0x57C)+0x110

[Preset]
category = "Character:"
name = "Lin"
$characterID = 13
$memoffset = (($characterID-1)*0x57C)+0x110

[Preset]
category = "Character:"
name = "Celica"
$characterID = 14
$memoffset = (($characterID-1)*0x57C)+0x110

[Preset]
category = "Character:"
name = "Irina"
$characterID = 15
$memoffset = (($characterID-1)*0x57C)+0x110

[Preset]
category = "Character:"
name = "Murderess"
$characterID = 16
$memoffset = (($characterID-1)*0x57C)+0x110

[Preset]
category = "Character:"
name = "Alexa"
$characterID = 17
$memoffset = (($characterID-1)*0x57C)+0x110

[Preset]
category = "Character:"
name = "Hope"
$characterID = 18
$memoffset = (($characterID-1)*0x57C)+0x110

[Preset]
category = "Character:"
name = "Mia"
$characterID = 19
$memoffset = (($characterID-1)*0x57C)+0x110

[Preset]
category = "Show Glitched Heights?"
name = No

[Preset]
category = "Show Glitched Heights?"
name = Yes

> $glitchheight = 1

Reviewer: Definitely a nice addition!

[Preset]
category = "Height:"
name = Normal
condition = $characterID == 19
Default = 1
$height = 0.88 #0x3F6147AE

[Preset]
category = "Height:"
name = Short (0.7)
$height = 0.7

[Preset]
category = "Height:"
name = Small (0.55)
$height = 0.55

[Preset]
category = "Height:"
name = Tiny (0.35)
$height = 0.35

[Preset]
category = "Height:"
name = Rat (0.15)
$height = 0.15

[Preset]
category = "Height:"
name = Ant (0.05)
$height = 0.05

[Preset]
category = "Height:"
name = Character Disapears (0)
condition = $glitchheight == 1
$height = 0

[Preset]
category = "Height:"
name = Corrupt Hair [CRASHES the game after a bit] (-1)
condition = $glitchheight == 1
$height = -1

[Preset]
category = "Height:"
name = Character Walks under ground [CRASHES the game after a bit] (-1.2)
condition = $glitchheight == 1
$height = -1.2

[Preset]
category = "Height:"
name = Character Walks under ground and is Giant [CRASHES the game after a bit] (-10000)
condition = $glitchheight == 1
$height = -10000

[Preset]
category = "Height:"
name = Character Walks under ground and is Massive [CRASHES the game after a bit] (-80000)
condition = $glitchheight == 1
$height = -80000

[Preset]
category = "Height:"

> name = Character Cant interact with terminals (NaN)

Reviewer: The capitalization is a bit weird and its kinda long. Maybe mark it "Giant character walks underground [UNSTABLE] (-10000)"?

Author: I fixed this for all the negative options in the newest commit :+1:
